README.md, before:

# Python
      Fine Tuning My Python Skills via severals different small projects and problems 

## Environment
      Python 3.7 in PyCharm or Atom IDE
      
### Objective 
    My goal is to have a wide range of knowledge with python. 
    I want to know its full capabilities, to see what I enjoy.
    The more I practice the better I will get is my model. 

###  Description
 ```
Going over Data Structs and some Algorithms to further grasp my understanding of the subjects.
This is to have a strong background for Machine/Deep Learning or AI Applications.

The programs consist using  several libraries such as: 
    - jupyter
    - pandas
    - numpy
    - folium
    - openCV
    - tkinter 
    - pygame 
    NOTE: all of these were used with the latest versions as of 08/14/2019
```
### Projects 
These programs will range in complexity and types. They are as follows

    Console_Dictionay 
        - Built a terminal/console dictionary with the most common words. 
        - User input is compared to a dictionary json file 
        - If matched returns definition 
        
    Tkinter 
        - Built several GUI's to get a better understanding of how to implement Tkinter
<img width="424" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 27 16 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215949-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8c8c-8007021c94d8.png">
<img width="395" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 27 53 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215950-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-88cd-b4e901dc2fdc.png">
<img width="239" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 28 10 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215951-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8126-365825940e19.png">
<img width="443" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 28 39 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215952-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8343-c650fe57cb32.png">

        
    WebMap 
        - Built a webmap with locations of USA's volcanoes
        - It displays population differences by colors from high to low 
        - Maps the entire world
        - Library used was Folium 
<img width="1155" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 25 45 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215947-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-9fa8-e20a6cf51039.png">
<img width="969" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 26 35 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215948-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8350-1f3f6b980c95.png">
        

    Desktop LibraryBooks App
        - Building a full-stack stand-alone desktop app that simulates a Library inventory
        - This was created to put Tkinter, Databases, OOP, Bacis Python and other libraries 
            preivous knowledge together in one program. 
<img width="558" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 24 29 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215946-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8875-8aacdf23ca0e.png">
        
    Web Blocker 
        - Build a custom local web blocker for when working so i would not get distracted
        - Libraries used was time and datetime 
        - Modifies /etc/hosts file in Linux/MacOs 
     
    Webcam Motion Detection
        - Building a webcam motion detector using OpenCV
        - Libraries used is cv2
        - This is to get more indepth knowledge on how to utilize Object Detection Software
First take using OpenCV library 
Gray Scale 
<img width="1269" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 3 49 44 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230290-3d75cf00-c1d0-11e9-9cc9-2636b1ed8176.png">
Gray Delta Frame Scale
<img width="1265" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 16 45 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230564-d2c69280-c1d3-11e9-99a3-41393a07e455.png">
Gray Dilating Scale
<img width="1272" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 16 09 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230561-d22dfc00-c1d3-11e9-94d9-57d409513d2c.png">
Threshold Scale 
<img width="1265" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 15 53 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230562-d22dfc00-c1d3-11e9-8626-395dbfb8342f.png">
Color Scale
<img width="1276" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 14 50 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230563-d2c69280-c1d3-11e9-8874-5d81aecceba4.png">
Color with Contours 
<img width="1279" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-19 at 12 15 50 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63285402-3f489c80-c27b-11e9-95b4-df0918d31673.png">

     
###    *************** Coming Soon ***************     
    TBA More Project comming soo but for now the 3 above are being researched.

Commit message:

1st commit of WildCruise
Racing game

README.md, after:

# Python
      Fine Tuning My Python Skills via severals different small projects and problems 

## Environment
      Python 3.7 in PyCharm or Atom IDE
      
### Objective 
    My goal is to have a wide range of knowledge with python. 
    I want to know its full capabilities, to see what I enjoy.
    The more I practice the better I will get is my model. 

###  Description
 ```
Going over Data Structs and some Algorithms to further grasp my understanding of the subjects.
This is to have a strong background for Machine/Deep Learning or AI Applications.

The programs consist using  several libraries such as: 
    - jupyter
    - pandas
    - numpy
    - folium
    - openCV
    - tkinter 
    - pygame 
    NOTE: all of these were used with the latest versions as of 08/14/2019
```
### Projects 
These programs will range in complexity and types. They are as follows

    Console_Dictionay 
        - Built a terminal/console dictionary with the most common words. 
        - User input is compared to a dictionary json file 
        - If matched returns definition 
        
    Tkinter 
        - Built several GUI's to get a better understanding of how to implement Tkinter
<img width="424" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 27 16 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215949-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8c8c-8007021c94d8.png">
<img width="395" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 27 53 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215950-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-88cd-b4e901dc2fdc.png">
<img width="239" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 28 10 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215951-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8126-365825940e19.png">
<img width="443" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 28 39 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215952-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8343-c650fe57cb32.png">

        
    WebMap 
        - Built a webmap with locations of USA's volcanoes
        - It displays population differences by colors from high to low 
        - Maps the entire world
        - Library used was Folium 
<img width="1155" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 25 45 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215947-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-9fa8-e20a6cf51039.png">
<img width="969" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 26 35 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215948-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8350-1f3f6b980c95.png">
        

    Desktop LibraryBooks App
        - Building a full-stack stand-alone desktop app that simulates a Library inventory
        - This was created to put Tkinter, Databases, OOP, Bacis Python and other libraries 
            preivous knowledge together in one program. 
<img width="558" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-17 at 1 24 29 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63215946-7f7d1300-c0f3-11e9-8875-8aacdf23ca0e.png">
        
    Web Blocker 
        - Build a custom local web blocker for when working so i would not get distracted
        - Libraries used was time and datetime 
        - Modifies /etc/hosts file in Linux/MacOs 
     
    Webcam Motion Detection
        - Building a webcam motion detector using OpenCV
        - Libraries used is cv2
        - This is to get more indepth knowledge on how to utilize Object Detection Software
First take using OpenCV library 
Gray Scale 
<img width="1269" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 3 49 44 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230290-3d75cf00-c1d0-11e9-9cc9-2636b1ed8176.png">
Gray Delta Frame Scale
<img width="1265" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 16 45 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230564-d2c69280-c1d3-11e9-99a3-41393a07e455.png">
Gray Dilating Scale
<img width="1272" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 16 09 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230561-d22dfc00-c1d3-11e9-94d9-57d409513d2c.png">
Threshold Scale 
<img width="1265" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 15 53 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230562-d22dfc00-c1d3-11e9-8626-395dbfb8342f.png">
Color Scale
<img width="1276" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-18 at 4 14 50 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63230563-d2c69280-c1d3-11e9-8874-5d81aecceba4.png">
Color with Contours 
<img width="1279" alt="Screen Shot 2019-08-19 at 12 15 50 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28213504/63285402-3f489c80-c27b-11e9-95b4-df0918d31673.png">

    PyGame -> WildCruise
    - Building an AI 2D driving game. 
    - This is to understand how graphics are rendered with pygame 
    - Implementing an AI algo for other cars 
     
###    *************** Coming Soon ***************     
    TBA More Project comming soo but for now the 3 above are being researched.
